Project governance content (#13)
windows-toolkit/WindowsCommunityToolkit-wiki: Why-Microsoft-supports-this-project.md

# Why Microsoft supports this project?

> The project is highly supported and recognized by Microsoft due to its simplicity and innovative approach to enhance the UWP platform by utilizing helper functions, custom controls, and app services. It is also part of .NET Foundation.

Reviewer: Maybe in the future its worth adding that the WCT also is a place  where contributors can bring and ideas to be discussed and potentially supported, where it would be more difficulty in other avenues. Not sure I am wording it right, but we can open an issue to fallow up later on this.

> The project is highly supported and recognized by Microsoft due to its simplicity and innovative approach to enhance the UWP platform by utilizing helper functions, custom controls, and app services. It is also part of .NET Foundation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The project is highly supported and recognized by Microsoft due to its simplicity and innovative approach to enhance the UWP and Windows 10 platforms by creating new helpers, extensions, and custom controls. It is also part of .NET Foundation.

We strive to make the Toolkit an approachable place for developers to share ideas with others. We have seen in the past that working with .NET makes it easier for our community to rapidly try out new ideas. We also use the support we have from Microsoft to collaborate and work with other teams across the ecosystem, for instance the [WinUI](https://aka.ms/winui) library group.
```
